ultimately this movie is that caused 55
countries around the world to publicly
ban the screening
even to be shown the film is not afraid
to cut 47 minutes
after the final version was released
johnny depp divorced his wife the
heroine of the movie
amber heard she is also the character of
miro in the film aquaman
the movie is about a girl joking around
three men the girl is named nicholas six
and she's performing what could be
called
a real prostitute she once eloquently
declared that
in this world there is no family that
she cannot destroy
those at first glance say nicholas 6 can
satisfy the illusion of all men in the
world
because she can know what kind of woman
you like with just one look at you
then she starts disguised as such a
woman approaches you
seduces you and then takes your money
away
she can play an innocent girl in front
of a rich guy can also turn into a sexy
hot girl in front of a thug
but nicholas six has always
intentionally made men see
but cannot eat because she thinks what
you don't have
you will be forever craving for it and
in general
whatever you like she can do it one day
nicholas six appeared in a bar
because she was so beautiful when she
entered the eyes of all the men were on
her
no one can resist the magic power of
this beauty
a thug immediately approached to talk a
young man also came over to offer her
wine
everyone scrambled to light a cigarette
for her with just one look
she could conquer all the men in the bar
except this writer
because he was too poor he did not dare
to speak to this beautiful girl
but luckily nicholas 6 rented a room in
the same block as him
that day he followed her to a park then
he picked up the diary she just threw in
the trash
he opened to see it and as it turns out
nicholas 6 could know beforehand the
date of her death
she knew she would be murdered on the
night of her 30th birthday
and moreover the perpetrator was always
by her side
but she did not know who thus she used
her beauty to tease all the men around
before she died
writers looked to the group hoping to
find inspiration to compose for his
murderous love novel
the novel will use the form of an
autobiography to record the girl's death
the writer's words have convinced
nicholas 6 and the two people have been
cooperating
and so the beautiful girl told the
writer about everyday things that
happened to her
the second day the game started the
thugs actively went to
nicholas six's house and on the surface
it was to repair the electric meter but
actually to approach her
after that his hand was injured nicholas
six saw that the opportunity had come
and immediately stroked the blood with
her finger
on the surface it looked like it was to
help him stop the bleeding
but actually to pull close distances so
he could feel the scent of her body
at that moment another finger was also
swollen unbearable
his love fire was burning completely
forgetting that his wife and children
were sick at home with no money to treat
but the girl does not let the ruffian
achieve his goal indifferent for a
moment and then says
because what people do not achieve they
will always want
the next day the young man made an
appointment with nicholas six out
she put on makeup in the image of a pure
innocent girl matching the boy's taste
on the dining table the girl showed
elegance tenderness and successfully
created an image
keeping herself independent pure and
honest
while eating nicola 6 did not stop using
her mouth pretending to accidentally
touch lightly to attract her opponent
at the same time she also built up a
very tragic status
she said she grew up in an orphanage
once had a good sister who is currently
in trouble in myanmar
she hopes he can ask his connections to
help her out
the gentle lovely appearance of nicholas
6 makes the young man mean not think
much to agree
unbeknownst to him he was part of the
girl's first plan
then she used the money of the rich
young man to support the thug on the
condition that he had to go to myanmar
to find someone to act for her having
both money and
love the thug is willing to cooperate
when nicola 6 immediately slapped the
hooligan she referred to give him sexual
desires
at this time the ruffian was so lustful
that his pants were about to get wet
when the young man appeared
the thug pretended that he had just
finished fixing the electricity and
immediately left
and the girl from before who was still
hot has now put on another printing
discovery
the young man told her that there were
no acquaintances in myanmar
and apologized nicholas 6 cried and
asked him to help her sell earrings in
exchange for some money to buy plane
tickets
she wanted to go to myanmar herself her
real pitiful appearance touched the
young master
just because of helping others the
honest girl did not regret selling the
earrings that her ancestors loved
the young master even more liked her
deciding to overcome difficulties with
all right it's all right i think i
should come with you right and it'll be
safe
myanmar nicholas 6 said the opponent
needed 60 000 to release people
the guy asked if he needed the kia the
currency of my mark
or the us dollar and she immediately
said british pound
apparently the girl couldn't have that
much money and he himself was a man who
agreed to help her solve this
moreover pursuing her so he foolishly
paid her the money
to thank him nicholas 6 reached out to
caress's face just that also makes him
very happy
the next day after telling the old
writer she immediately made an
appointment to meet the thug
at this time nicholas 6 had removed the
good girl image to put on her sexy hot
image
her makeup is extremely splendid to
thank the thug
she paid him thirty thousand pounds at
the same time also gave her handkerchief
to him as a reward
that night she decided to give the rich
man a little pleasure
nicholas six called to tell the guy i
could never accept your money
and please don't worry about my friends
in need i'd stop it you have to you have
to let me help you
sorry goodbye after listening the guy
rushed to her house to persuade her to
return
after arriving at the destination
nicholas 6
certainly said then the young man took
out a bunch of money to prove it
the girl pretended not to need it threw
the money on the ground
and finally they hugged each other
tightly the old writer next door saw it
all
after the young man left she made an
appointment with the writer on the
rooftop
using realistic action to thank him for
helping her record it all
because there was not much time anymore
nicholas six prepared her final plan
she called the thug ask him to
participate in the dart throwing
competition
at the same time she gave him a large
sum of money along with what he had
always craved for
when they were doing sex the young man
suddenly ran over
they hurriedly dressed and the young man
looked at the thug and then looked
suspicious
is he is he here all the time the young
man is not too stupid
after the thug left he immediately
questioned his girlfriend but guess what
she replied i teach him
you you teach him i don't understand i
mean it's not that he's
illiterate exactly i gave him his first
copy of wuthering heights the other day
has he ever
has he ever done anything to you they
even tried to [ __ ] you
how could you even ask me that to keep
the young man to clear his doubts from
inside nicholas 6 gave him what he
wanted
the next day he went home and asked for
a divorce from his wife
because of an outside woman the young
man chose to divorce his wife without
knowing that he had fallen into a long
range trap the next day is nicholas
six's 30th birthday
she put on her long dream dress and the
writer gave gifts and said the last
goodbye to the beautiful girl
because he knew the girl would not be
able to escape her fate
nicola 6 took particular as a girlfriend
of the thug to come to see the darts
competition
and also invited the young man and the
writer to come today nicholas 6 is very
gorgeous
and while the thug was fighting she
still kept calling the men around
this seemed to have become a habit of
hers and now the girl no longer had to
pretend
she tried to use her beauty to make the
men infatuated even when the young man
came
she was still like that i think you
should come out with me
don't now ridiculous
she's coming over me the young man was
deceived
the thug was also being cuckolded the
writer had seen it all
nicholas six drove home tonight is her
last shiny night
from small to old not only once she had
dreamed of her 30th birthday
she was murdered by someone in a car
nicholas 6 calmly walked toward the car
thought that the person in the car if
not the thug would be the young man
however when looking inside how can
nicholas six think that this person was
the old writer
it turns out the young man and the
ruffian had just come over
even fighting one more battle but the
old writer advised them to leave
because he loves nicholas six so much he
thinks that if she was killed by one of
the other two men
the ending won't be perfect he wanted to
use the perfect ending to finish his
novel
nicholas 6 is dragged into the room by
the old writer he left the manuscript of
the
novel in the front of her chest and he
drank poison lying beside of her
the novel became the last work of his
life and then to be taken away by the
publisher
so the novel is based on a true story a
story that happened in 1985 in london
and the title of that novel is
battlefield of london